### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL is a powerful, open source object-relational database system
PostgreSQL supports both SQL (relational) and JSON (non-relational) querying.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL supports views—virtual tables that do not store data themselves. Updatable views are supported, but updates do not occur automatically unless it meets the following conditions:

The query of that view must have precisely one section in the FROM clause and this can be a table or another updatable view.
The selection list must not contain any window function any aggregate functions or any set-returning function. 
The query must not contain one of the following clauses at the top level: HAVING, LIMIT, DISTINCT, WITH, INTERSECT, EXCEPT, OFFSET AND LIMIT.

SQL Server views can be used for security purposes to restrict user access to data. Both user-defined and system-defined views are supported. Views can be automatically updated using triggers. 

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
\c pet_shop_db

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

HAVING is used to Decide which group(s), if grouped, to keep:

only show groups with more than 2 books
SELECT author, COUNT(*)
  FROM books
  GROUP BY author
  HAVING COUNT(*) > 2;

  Where is used for filtering rows
  Filter which rows get included:
 ex to query only books with price over $10
SELECT *
  FROM books
  WHERE price > 10;

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
There are two primary types of joins: inner and outer.

Inner

Only the rows that match the condition in both tables.

Outer

Left - All of the rows from the first table (left), combined with matching rows 
from the second table (right).

Right - The matching rows from the first table (left), combined with all the rows 
from the second table (right).

Full - All the rows from both tables (left and right).

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  Asynchronous Javascript and XML". Ajax loosely defines a set of technologies to help make web applications present a richer user experience. Data updating and refreshing of the screen is done asynchronously using javascript and xml (or json or just a normal http post).

"Representational State Transfer". Applications using REST principles have a Url structure and a request/response pattern that revolve around the use of resources. In a pure model, the HTTP Verbs Get, Post, Put and Delete are used to retrieve, create, update and delete resources respectively. Put and Delete are often not used, leaving Get and Post to map to select (GET) and create, update and delete (POST)

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
CSRF Security
Cross-Site Request Forgery

A form on any site can submit to any other site!

<form action="http://yourbank.com/transfer" method="POST">
  <input type="hidden" name="from" value="your-acct">
  <input type="hidden" name="to" value="my-acct">
  <input type="hidden" name="amt" value="$1,000,000">
  <button type=submit">I Love Kittens!</button>
</form>
Therefore, most sites use a “CSRF Token”:

This is generated by the server when a form is shown
It is included in the HTML of the form
It is checked by the server on form submission
Flask-WTF uses CSRF out-of-the-box:

All forms include a hidden CSRF field
The validate_on_submit method checks for this

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
{{ form Hidden_tag () }} hidden_tag() element defines an extra form field that 
is hidden, used by Flask-WTF to implement CSRF protection.
